README.md, before:

# @composi/router

@composi/router is a client-side hash-based router for single page apps (SPA). This is for those occasions where you want to be able to conditionally render a set of sub components based on a url value. This is works properly with the browser's back button and you can use it with the History API. @composi/router is very simple with only a few options. If you need a more advanced router, check out [Universal Router](https://www.npmjs.com/package/universal-router). Or use whatever router you prefer. 

## Installation

```bash
npm i -D @composi/router
```

## Import and Use

Import `Router` into your `app.js` file:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'
```

To create routes you need to instatiate Router and provide it with an array of paths. The path object is an object literal with a path and action value.

## Adding Routes

The following example shows how to set up routes. What you do when the route happens is completely up to you:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'

// Create instance of Router:
const router = new Router()

// Define paths to use:
router([
  {
    path: "/",
    action: () => {
      // Do something when main page loads
    }
  },
  {
    path: "/about",
    action: () => {
      // load an "About" widget
    }
  },
  {
    // Capture a parameter id:
    path: "/users/:name",
    action: (name) => {
      if (name === 'joe') alert('Hi, Joe!')
      else console.log(name)
    }
  }
])
```

Normally you would use a route to handle loading a component. The easiest way to do this is to use a functional component:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'

const router = new Router()

const Home = <h1>This is Home</h1>
const FirstPage = <h1>Welcome to the First Page!</h1>
const SecondPage = <h1>Second Page Here.</h1>

function Menu(props, child) {
  return (
    <div>
      <ul class='menu'>
        <li><a href="#/">Home</a></li>
        <li><a href="#/first">First Page</a></li>
        <li><a href="#/second">Second Page</a></li>
      </ul>
      {
        child
      }
    </div>
  )
}

function renderPage(component) {
  render(<Menu>{component}</Menu>, 'section')
}

router([
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => renderPage(Home)
  },
  {
    path: '/first',
    action: () => renderPage(FirstPage)
  },
  {
    path: '/second',
    action: () => renderPage(SecondPage)
  },
  {
    path: '/*',
    action: () => {
      console.log('Sorry, not a proper path.')
    }
  }
])


render(<Menu>{Home}</Menu>, 'section')
```

You could also use routes in conjuction with [@composi/datastore](https://composi.github.io/en/docs/datastore/data-store.html). The route would set a value on the dataStore, which would cause the component to update.

## Multiple Handlers for One Route

You can use more than one handler for a route. You might do this because you need to remove some functionality later. If that's the case, you want to use named handlers for any handler you will want to remove:

```javascript
// Handler to delete later:
const removableHandler = () => {
  console.log('This handler is temporary and subject to removal.')
}
router([
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('You are home!')
  },
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('This is another handler on the Home path.')
  }
])
```
To learn more about removing paths and handlers, see [Removing a Route](#Removing-a-Route)

## Optional Parameters

You can indicate that a parameter is optional by using the `?` character after it:

```javascript
router('users/:name?', function(name) {
  if (name) {
    console.log(name)
  } else {
    console.log('No name was provided.')
  }
})
router('users/') // logs `No name was provided.`
router('users/bob') // logs `'bob'`
```

## Wildcard

Using `*` will catch any routes that do not match previously defined routes. Use this as a catch all for any unexpected routes or for a 404:

```javascript
router('users/*', function() {
  console.log('Caught unexpected route!')
})
router('users/12312312')
```

## Block a Route

You can block a route by returning false:

```javascript
router('/admin', function() {
  return false
})
```

## Remove All Routes and Handlers

If you want to remove all current routes and handlers, you can invokde the following:

```javascript
router.removeAll()
```
After running that none of the paths will work.

## Removing a Route

You can remove a singular route as follows:

```javascript
// Handler to delete later:
const removableHandler = () => {
  console.log('This handler is temporary and subject to removal.')
}
router([
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('You are home!')
  },
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => removableHandler
  }
])

// Sometime later we remove the named handler:
router.remove('/', removableHandler)
```

Commit message:

Refactored router argument.
1. Not takes a series of path objects separated by commas. No need to wrap them in an array.
2. Removed unused dist folder.
3. Updated README.md for changes.
4. Updated tests for changes.
5. Cleaned up package scripts.

README.md, after:

# @composi/router

@composi/router is a client-side hash-based router for single page apps (SPA). This is for those occasions where you want to be able to conditionally render a set of sub components based on a url value. This is works properly with the browser's back button and you can use it with the History API. @composi/router is very simple with only a few options. If you need a more advanced router, check out [Universal Router](https://www.npmjs.com/package/universal-router). Or use whatever router you prefer.

## Installation

```bash
npm i -D @composi/router
```

## Import and Use

Import `Router` into your `app.js` file:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'
```

To create routes you need to instatiate Router and provide it with a series of path objects separated by commas. The path object is an object literal with a path and action value.

## Adding Routes

The following example shows how to set up routes. What you do when the route happens is completely up to you:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'

// Create instance of Router:
const router = new Router()

// Define paths to use:
router(
  {
    path: "/",
    action: () => {
      // Do something when main page loads
    }
  },
  {
    path: "/about",
    action: () => {
      // load an "About" widget
    }
  },
  {
    // Capture a parameter id:
    path: "/users/:name",
    action: (name) => {
      if (name === 'joe') alert('Hi, Joe!')
      else console.log(name)
    }
  }
)
```

Normally you would use a route to handle loading a component. The easiest way to do this is to use a functional component:

```javascript
import { h, render } from '@composi/core'
import { Router } from '@composi/router'

const router = new Router()

const Home = <h1>This is Home</h1>
const FirstPage = <h1>Welcome to the First Page!</h1>
const SecondPage = <h1>Second Page Here.</h1>

function Menu(props, child) {
  return (
    <div>
      <ul class='menu'>
        <li><a href="#/">Home</a></li>
        <li><a href="#/first">First Page</a></li>
        <li><a href="#/second">Second Page</a></li>
      </ul>
      {
        child
      }
    </div>
  )
}

function renderPage(component) {
  render(<Menu>{component}</Menu>, 'section')
}

router(
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => renderPage(Home)
  },
  {
    path: '/first',
    action: () => renderPage(FirstPage)
  },
  {
    path: '/second',
    action: () => renderPage(SecondPage)
  },
  {
    path: '/*',
    action: () => {
      console.log('Sorry, not a proper path.')
    }
  }
)


render(<Menu>{Home}</Menu>, 'section')
```

You could also use routes in conjuction with [@composi/datastore](https://composi.github.io/en/docs/datastore/data-store.html). The route would set a value on the dataStore, which would cause the component to update.

## Multiple Handlers for One Route

You can use more than one handler for a route. You might do this because you need to remove some functionality later. If that's the case, you want to use named handlers for any handler you will want to remove:

```javascript
// Handler to delete later:
const removableHandler = () => {
  console.log('This handler is temporary and subject to removal.')
}
router(
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('You are home!')
  },
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('This is another handler on the Home path.')
  }
)
```
To learn more about removing paths and handlers, see [Removing a Route](#Removing-a-Route)

## Optional Parameters

You can indicate that a parameter is optional by using the `?` character after it:

```javascript
router('users/:name?', function(name) {
  if (name) {
    console.log(name)
  } else {
    console.log('No name was provided.')
  }
})
router('users/') // logs `No name was provided.`
router('users/bob') // logs `'bob'`
```

## Wildcard

Using `*` will catch any routes that do not match previously defined routes. Use this as a catch all for any unexpected routes or for a 404:

```javascript
router('users/*', function() {
  console.log('Caught unexpected route!')
})
router('users/12312312')
```

## Block a Route

You can block a route by returning false:

```javascript
router('/admin', function() {
  return false
})
```

## Remove All Routes and Handlers

If you want to remove all current routes and handlers, you can invokde the following:

```javascript
router.removeAll()
```
After running that none of the paths will work.

## Removing a Route

You can remove a singular route as follows:

```javascript
// Handler to delete later:
const removableHandler = () => {
  console.log('This handler is temporary and subject to removal.')
}
router(
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => console.log('You are home!')
  },
  {
    path: '/',
    action: () => removableHandler
  }
)

// Sometime later we remove the named handler:
router.remove('/', removableHandler)
```
